 
Call for Papers 
 
Steering Committee 
Seong-Whan Lee, South Korea 
Cheng-Lin Liu, China 
Umapada Pal, India 
Tieniu Tan, China 
Yasushi Yagi, Japan 
 
General Chairs 
Alan Wee-Chung Liew, Australia 
Cheng-Lin Liu, China 
Dacheng Tao, Singapore 
 
Program Chairs 
Brian Lovell, Australia 
Ran He, China 
Christian, South Korea 
 
Organizing Chairs  
Alireza Alaei, Australia 
Anwaar Ul-Haq, Australia 
Partha Pratim Roy, India 
Yanming Zhu, Australia 
 
Publicity Chairs 
Umapada Pal, India 
Yuta Nakashima, Japan 
Unsang Park, South Korea 
Shijian Lu, Singapore 
Brendan Mccane, New Zealand 
 
Workshop Co-Chairs 
Xiao Bai , China 
Lihong Zheng, Australia 
Xiaoyi Jiang, Germany 
Reza Ghanbarzadeh, Australia 
 
Tutorial Chairs  
Vinh Bui, Australia 
Venu Govindaraju, USA 
Mohammed Awrangeb, Australia 
Can Wang, Australia 
 
Sponsorship Chairs 
Michael Blumenstien, Sydney 
 
Awards Committee Chair 
Jun Zhou, Australia 
 
Publications Chairs 
Haifeng Shen, Australia 
Fahimeh Alaei, Australia 
Prithwi Chakraborty, Australia 
 
Finance Chairs   
 
Tony Adriaansen, Australia 
 
 
The 8th Asian Conference on Pattern Recognition (ACPR 2025) will be hosted 
on the stunning Gold Coast of Australia, from November 10 to 13, 2025. The 
Gold Coast is a vibrant and diverse city, offering a wealth of opportunities for 
academic and professional development. With over 150 events and 
conferences already scheduled, it serves as a dynamic hub for global 
collaboration and innovation. The Asian Conference on Pattern Recognition 
(ACPR) is supported by the International Association of Pattern Recognition 
and covering a wide range of research domains, including computer vision, 
image, speech, sensor pattern processing and machine intelligence. It is a 4-
day single track event that comprises the main conference, Tutorials, and 
Workshops. ACPR2025 provides a great opportunity to nurture new ideas and 
collaborations for students, academics and industry researchers. 
 
Main topics of Interest 
Topics of interest include the following aspects of pattern recognition, but are 
not limited to these. 
 
➢ Pattern Recognition and Machine Learning 
➢ Computer Vision and Robot Vision 
➢ Signal, Speech and Video Processing 
➢ Document, Media Processing and Interaction 
➢ Biomedical Imaging and Bioinformatics 
 
Important Dates 
➢ First Call for Papers: March 2025 
➢ Second Call for Papers: April 2025 
➢ Paper submission open: May 1, 2025 
➢ Abstract submission deadline: June 3, 2025 
➢ Full paper submission deadline: June 10, 2025 
➢ Acceptance notification: August 10, 2025 
➢ Camera-ready submission: August 31, 2025 
➢ Conference: November 10-11, 2025 
 
Submission and Review 
ACPR 2025 will follow a single-blind review process. Authors can include 
their names and affiliations in the manuscript. Also, the authors can submit 
their arXiv papers in ACPR-2025. 
 
Paper format and length 
Springer LNCS format with maximum 15 pages (including references) during 
paper submission. There is no minimum page limit. To take care of reviewers' 
comments, one more page is allowed (without any charge) during 
revised/camera ready submission. Moreover, authors may purchase up to 2 
extra pages. Extra page charges must be paid at the time of registration. All 
accepted papers will be published in Springer’s Lecture Notes in Computer 
Science (LNCS) and indexed by ISI, Scopus, EI, Google Scholar, DBLP, 
Springer LNCS, etc.  
 
Contact: For any enquiry please contact the ACPR2025 Secretariat via email 
at  acprau2025@gmail.com 
 
Website: www.acpr2025.com  
